A very attractive young woman is turning on the water in the shower.
The two people are riding on a black bike.
An elephant is sticking its trunk through a fence.
A man leans back and gets ready to fall during part of the game.
Some people are standing in the middle of the street lined with motorcycles.
A man is reading a book while another is holding a dog.
Two men are racing horses down a racing track.
A young boy is putting ingredients into a blender.
A small child wrapped in a towel lies on a bed.
Two women and four men are playing with a white frisbee.
A man is putting a coffee cup in a microwave.
A city bus is driving down a crowded city street.
A bunch of buses are driving along a road with cars.
A man in blue shirt is sitting on a pile of luggage.
A crowd of people stands and watches as guy on a horseback leads a bunch of horses behind him.
A young boy in the bed is reading a book to his little sibling.
A man is driving a boat along the river.
A street light has broken in half on someone's lawn.
The little girl is reaching for a piece of cake.
A picture of a recently married couple is displayed behind glass.
The girl is stretching to reach the tennis ball with her racket.
A motorcycle racer on a track is leaning into a curve.
A snow skier is putting on skis in the snow near a building.
Cars line up to coin meters on at a busy sidewalk.
A woman points a hair drier like it is a gun.
A shop displays different color parasols on a wall.
A couple of wood signs are pointing in different directions.
Several people are pushing a truck from the dirt onto the road.
A person is looking down at his own shoes and the top of a dog's head.
This is a fryer that moves donuts down the fryer.
There are two foods and one drink set on the clear table.
A man inside a room is putting together a white kite.
There is a banana on the stand.
This is some type of a fair.
This is a black bike seat with silver springs.
A red metal frame forms the half pipe.
This is a white second hand on the clock.
There is a date stamp of March 16th, 2008.
This is a blue wall beside a tennis court.
This is a red tie with Peanuts characters.
This is a silver and black French press coffee pot.
There are balconies on the second storey of the buildings.
There is a chain-linked fence behind players.
There is a man sitting on a cement block.
There are silver springs on the side of a bike.
There are cars moving at a very fast speed.
This is a green court.
The traffic lights stand out a lot.
This is the second highest rail of the jump.
There is snow on the trees at a cross-country ski race.
A girl and a woman are sharing an appetizer on the outdoor patio of a beachside restaurant.
A woman has her picture taken as if she is opening the door to a cabin that has bears outside it.
A group of military people is running towards a school bus.
There is a plate that has food sitting on a table.
Eight movers are helping someone move into heir new home.
Some people are boarding a parked double-decker bus on a busy street.
There is an older person passing out plates of food to young people.
Two uniformed people are serving food to guests.
A person lights a candle that is on a piece of cake.
A jockey is racing on a horse in the rain.
An old lady wrapped in a blanket is eating food.
People are putting candles on a cake that is sitting on a plate.
A woman reaching to hit a tennis ball with a racquet.
A helmeted man is mounting his well maintained motor cycle.
A group of military people is running towards a school bus.
A man is putting food on his plate and a woman is pouring wine.
A table is set up with wine glasses and a cake.
The people move about and congregate in the public area next to the large white tent.
A man is turning his back on his own reflection in a mirror.
A boat is pulling a water boarder along on a lake.
A woman is pointing a Wii remote right at the camera.
Two men are snow skiing and one has fallen down.
A man and a woman are showing off their food.
A young woman is holding a freshly pulled carrot up in the air.
A television is turned on, on a wooden shelf.
A man takes a selfie as he opens his new computer.
A man is writing something down while on a cell phone.
A hotdog is wrapped up in some foil.
A baseball player runs to catch a ball that has been pitched.
The toy train set is set up and being photographed.
Some of the Catholic School children are lined up in single file in front of the microphone.
A woman on skis is looking back to the person behind her.
There is a woman in a seat with hair blowing in the wind.
A woman is pointing at the camera while lying down.
There are a table with two cakes and champagne glasses and two women serving cake.
A small compact car is driving past a furniture store.
A fire hydrant has been painted like an american flag.
Many motorcycles are lined up to be displayed.
A man is putting a turkey into the oven.
A small boy reaches up into the kitchen sink.
People are reaching into a broccoli garden and picking broccoli.
Some friends are hand shaking in the baseball stadium.
A small boy is leaning over a fence to see several lambs.
A baby elephant is reaching for grey bag at a zoo.
People in hats are riding on a large elephant.
A group of men is using poles to push themselves on skateboards.
A dog gets its teeth brushed by a man.
A bus waits for a person to board it on the street.
There is a table set for a dinner of pizza.
A man is blowing into a plastic ball.
