Many large pots have been set beside large spoons.
Water passing under a bridge that cars are driving on top of.
A man is reaching down for something in a box.
A man reaches with a racket to return a tennis ball.
Adult carrying a child in full gear, including skiis at the bottom of a ski slope.
Several men and women in soccer uniforms run around a field with many people and stands on the sidelines.
A girl in a dress is leaning back on a cow wearing a straw hat.
Some cows are painted with pink and purple dots.
A boy and a girl at a table are drawing with oil pastels.
A man hit something that exploded with a bat.
A hand is holding a hotdog with ketchup, mustard, and onions wrapped in foil.
A man is covering his eyes next to cases of bananas.
Two cars are driving down a street next to a green bus.
Cars are driving by a gas station with a big sign.
A man is pushing a wheelchair on the street.
A surfer is catching a wave on the ocean.
Two men on surfboards catch a breaking wave.
A woman with a dog is talking to two people sitting on a bench.
There is a press box on the tennis court.
The characters are chinese.
There is a stand in the room.
The stand is stable.
There is a stand with information.
The date is orange.
There is a knife set in a wooden block.
The door of a second bus is open.
This is the second car in the train.
There are three different cellphone models.
There are white forms on a keyboard.
There is a public transit bus on a city street covered in snow.
A man is paddle boarding on a city river.
Two boys are speaking in a classroom with desks and chairs.
A very crowded street sign is pointing to attractions in multiple directions.
A young man stands pointing in the picture.
A cameraperson is pointing a camera and mic at a speaker.
There is a professional speaker on the stage pointing out his coworker.
Person airborne over a skateboard as the sun is setting.
A TV is showing two men in hats and women.
A man and a woman are shaking hands amidst a crowd by a cake.
A skier is passing two people on a snowmobile.
A red train is passing over the water on a bridge.
A horse reaching over a fence is eating wild grass.
A jogging couple is resting on benches at the pier across the city view.
There is a beer resting on the seat of a motorcycle.
A couple of women are walking down a street under a pink umbrella.
Two people are walking along the water with umbrellas.
This man is putting coins in a meter.
A person is putting dough into an oven with a spatula.
A man is climbing an elephant with a saddle attached.
A tennis player runs in order to hit the ball.
There is a small kitchenette opening up to another room.
A cop leads the way for other people on motorcycles.
Several people are sitting around a table in a small room with a laptop, books and papers.
A man gestures over a microwave as he leans on a chair.
A pregnant woman is writing on her stomach holding a yellow teddy bear.
There is a clock on a building with people painted around it.
There is a stoplight with images drawn on each of the lights.
This is a wooden bowl of bananas that someone has drawn faces on.
A man is moving an oven using a dolly.
A yellow and blue train is pulling into a train station.
A man falls while trying to catch a wave surfing.
There is a man wearing a hat sitting under a TV mounted on a wall.
There is a food truck serving calamari sandwiched between other food trucks.
There is a man covering his eyes from sun on a motorcycle.
A person is pouring cake batter into a pan with a utensil.
A young man is looking into the inside of a refrigerator through bottles.
A group of police officers is standing in front of a parade.
A man is swinging at a baseball with an umpire behind him.
A person is pushing a button on a television.
A man and his skateboard have been caught mid-flight during a leap.
A metal artwork displays a clock in the middle of a floor.
A television screen is displaying a cow in a wooded area.
There are series of curved forms around the body.
There are foreign characters on the vehicle's side.
There is a black TV stand with flat screen.
There are red cushions against a window in front of table with a table light and a bench.
A smiling man sits on a scooter with a little girl.
There is a man holding roses next to a woman holding a cake.
There is a plate of food that includes a salad and a pastry with fruit and cream.
A modern building has a long table holding many fruits and vegetables.
There are two leather sofas sitting on each side of an entertainment center.
There is a couple of people with bags standing on a escalator.
There is a red fire hydrant with a chain on a cement sidewalk.
There is a line of double decker buses with a clock tower in the background.
Two women are kissing a man for a photograph.
Many candles are placed on a table in front of a painting.
There are streamers and ribbon suspended by lights hanging from a ceiling.
There is a red, white and blue shelter on a populated beach.
There is a bar with neon lights behind the bottles.
A man in a colorful umbrella hat holds an orange.
Andrei looked at Danny moving a yellow chair.
Andrei and Danny picked-up a yellow bag.
Andrei looked at Danny picking-up a green bag.
Danny looked at Andrei putting-down a green chair.
Danny left Andrei; he held a telescope.
Danny looked at Andrei putting-down a yellow chair.
Danny put-down the bag and the chair; it is yellow.
A man and his dog walk to the sink of a kitchen cluttered with objects.
Danny left the chair with a blue telescope.
A man falls while trying to catch a wave surfing.
